Peter Parker was just an ordinary boy
until one day he got bitten by a
radioactive spider so then he became
spider-man because his uncle died and
responsibility and stuff and look you
know the story is now we get to see
Peter Parker go back to high school
wonder seems really oh yes Parker how'd
you hear about your tardiness whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa hey hey
wait whoa whoa hold up wait oh wait whoa
hey the spider-man movie was not
directed by Sam Raimi there for his
little evil dead friend Bruce Campbell's
not going to make an appearance goodness
that is so not groovy and since Disney
owns marvel you can be sure to see some
familiar faces like Harry Osborn played
by zac efron in a great value in high
school and it just makes me want to
see and Miley Cyrus as Mary Jane Watson
go get em tiger what I said go get em
tiger sorry again what did you say I say
go get'em tiger did you eat a light coat
or something I can't understand what
you're saying
No
we've seen Spidey fight villains in the
past such as Green Goblin Doc Ock
Sandman and even venom but now things
get supernatural when Spidey goes up
against Morbius Mary J help me
spider-man you're not going anywhere my
spider monkey I know what you want her
Morbius vampire got that part right but
my name's not Morbius really the edward
cullen Mary Jane no you are my life now
I'm strength to stay away from me Mary
Jane he has your hypnotized don't worry
once he steps out to the Sun he'll burn
to dust don't miss Disney's all new
spider-man reboot featuring music by the
Jonas Brothers
this fighter
the ultimate spider-man Disney reboot
coming to theatres July third 2012 it
will be the end of the world for Spidey